hey what's up guys the books are again
and welcome back to red rising mantra
for men and war assault squad 2 in
today's video we are going to be
witnessing a all-out infantry battle
here in the center of the city
they are going to be converging on the
Waypoint in the center and they won't
stop until all of the troops have
reached this zero point here in the
center now who are they well we are
going to be featuring the Russian side
on the right side looking at this point
they have fielded 100 troops here with
various amounts of equipment and
weaponry looking really nice over on the
other side the left side from this point
of view right side from this point of
view but we'll be going with this point
of view we have the poles and I did
mention in the video that I uploaded
yesterday the British armored assault
one that we were going to be doing a
Polish airborne assault video
unfortunately though the choppers in
this game fucking suck they are
extremely hard to land they have no
logic behind them and they piss me off
but beyond fucking reason and they
really make the heated bit in my name
you know worth it so let's try and
remove choppers from my mind because
they will ultimately be the end of me
helicopters will be the end of me so
let's I don't want to think of the hours
that I just actually spent earlier today
trying to get a fucking map going with
choppers on it scripting and coding and
everything just fucking crashed into
each other went underground like fucking
submarines on land and it was just
fucking horrible
I don't want to think about it we're
gonna click start we can I enjoy this
hope you guys have a good Friday let's
just watch these two teams get nasty
with each other here in the center of
this somewhat depressing town somewhere
probably in Russia or Poland asked we
have the poles up against the Russians
would make sense wouldn't it right we're
not in Venezuela or Sao Paulo we are
probably in Eastern Europe
let's see 100-300 ah
place your bets place your bets I'm
gonna bet on the Russians this time
round
into the center they go Andy battle is
on
no explosions left right and center
no one has reached the golden center
just yet which would be in between II
see these three cars here in the cross
section people kind of pull them back
now they're kind of scared of each other
like shit they really did fucking hit us
up in they both sides felt the same
thing and pulled off reminds me of that
engagement during the American
Revolutionary War 4 to 2 American
brigades or companies went at each other
during the night time fired two volleys
and both routed no offense but that is
so funny that was a one of those top
five friendly fire incidents in human
history there's been a bunch of other
more or less a depressive once but that
was almost vows I'd say that's a bit of
comedy there in the battlefield fired
each other and run that's kinda what
we're seeing here no one has actually
dared going into the center
I currently though looking at the cache
of these it looks like the Russians have
taken more than the pulse judging by the
amount of yellow here versus the red
ultimately now red versus the yellow the
polls are also more centered here in the
center it looks like they have a more
stable battle group going at it and the
Russians are a little more split off we
see a couple over here I'll pull over
here a couple down here by the wall and
quite a few all the way back here but
the battle isn't over yet I'd say it's
around 6040 right now for the pulse so
the Polish troops might as well bring
this home
the Russians have that fortified this
bit of the house here they were that guy
got hidden heart it's cuz you're moving
up slowly covering each other it's
pretty cool like saying he's just trying
to shoot him like shooting fish in a
pond there's still a lot of lot of
Russians around this building over on
the other side of the road we have a lot
of Russians pinned down the polls are
getting closer and closer and night they
could safe to say that they've captured
the city center by now obviously this
map is not symmetric so it'll have an
impact on how the units will will work
and how how much or little of an
advantage they will have so we see the
polls going up against the Russians here
it's going to turn on the corner there
so I'd say the Russians are in a fairly
good position right now this wall is not
going to be penetrated but on it at a
distance here they're getting shot out
by the polls and they're not able to
really respond so they're bad position
here forced to pull back a bit
kind of a cool idea that would you just
do like a king of hill and center of the
town so the Russians on the left side of
the road from this point of view or
being pushed out entirely still have a
couple back here and up here
but in general it's looking pretty grim
I say that the polls have lost about
half their combat force by now let's say
there's around 50 dead ones right here
probably a little less I go as far and
say it's around 3035 we could count
we're not gonna count the Russians had
definitely lost at least twice of that
amount right now from from just judging
by these numbers and as you can tell
they've lost people all the way back
here I'm not entirely sure how the
poulsen managed to hit these guys but
that's a very unfortunate for them we
have a few Russians daring to step your
foot out here which is kind of a ballsy
move they're gonna have a lot of guns
pointing at them but yeah the polls have
definitely taken the center we'll see if
the Russians will will retreat or
whatever they will do I think I'm gonna
take Derek control these guys and give
them a bit of a fighting edge if I can
proclaim to to be able to to guarantee
that I don't think I will be is fairly
good on their own let's let's just send
these guys up
no point in delaying I'm gonna send him
up buying this car here and there
getting killed the second they open fire
they get spotted and shot to death
there's no mercy absolutely no mercy
whatsoever it's safe to say that the
polls absolutely dominated this game
short battle but sweet hopefully you
guys enjoy this bit of infantry combat
here in the center it's all I could
offer right now I wish I had more time
but the day is coming to an end and I
could spend another 3-4 hours making a
really sick scenario that didn't include
choppers crashing at each other then
then I would have done so but here we
have the end result